Xiaohui, how are you feeling now?
Is there any discomfort?
Except for the wound, it hurts a little bit.
Nothing else
That's good, that's good.
Hey, what about mom and sister?
The company has a lot of things to do.
Your dad is tired after a busy day
I asked him to take them home to rest
Is your dad now?
I finally accepted it one by one.
I want to give them a chance to be alone
Develop a relationship
You old fox, it's been a busy day
Aren't you tired?
The old fox is tired
You can't get enough
You just keep feeding haha
Yes, yes, you should let them cultivate it.
Hey, Mom, what about that wild girl Li Hongni?
Is he dead? Not yet.
But soon.
I heard from the doctor that I only have three days to live
Three days.
So before he died
I can still have some fun with him